
What do I want to learn or understand better? This week I believe I have improved much more in using the definitions of done and the agile tools efficently when working with the user stories. There is not much time left in the course but I would like to learn how to use my inidividual reflections more efficently by actually making use of the A,B, A->B reflection cycle. This is what I would like to improve this sprint, actually making use of this so that I can improve more and also for our final reflections.  

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new? I believe that I have very good knowledge about the scrum and agile methods used in the course and how we are supposed to implement them. I can therefore teach my teammembers and remind everyone to work in a certain way so that we don't miss anything crucial in our project. I believe that I have done a bit of that this sprint and I will continue to do so during these last periods of the course.  

What is my contribution towards the team's use of SCRUM? I believe that I follow the social contract and the DoD when doing my tasks and make sure that everyone else that I am working with also follows these. I also attend regular meeting with the team and subteams to see how everyone is doing with their user stories and I will always do my best to suggest things that might help others.  

What is my contribution towards the team's deliverables? During this week I have worked together with Abbas,Love and Mirco with creating parking icons for the parking slots in the map, and also creating certain information about these slots that the user might me intrested in. It has been going very well and I contributed a lot in creating the parking icons and making two different icons for two types of parking slots and I also contributed in the meeting with suggestions that we had between each other. The app seems to be working very well and we believe that we have soon reached the finished line.
